# Brendenhoff Thistlefoot, Esquire

Halfling, Noble, Ambassador, Assassin

So, you want to know more about ole Brendenhoff, do you?  Or Bren, as his friends call him.  Well, if there was ever a gentlehalfing to whom the expression "born with a silver spoon in his mouth" applied, it would be him.  His father is Lord Thistlefoot, a member of the landed gentry.  He owned most the land in the 3rd District, nearly half that in the 2nd, and a bit of the 4th as well.  Of course, he can't work all that land himself, so he has hundreds and hundreds of halflings who work for him.  His mother is Lady Thistlefoot.  Yes, the famous painter, I see you've heard of her, too.  Folk came from all over the lands to see her works.  She's as kind and a gracious a soul as you'll ever meet.

Bren was a only child and a bit spoiled at that.  His parents gave him every advantage that money could buy.  Good education.  Fine clothes.  Fancy trips.  Friends everywhere you look.  And he enjoyed all the usual noble pastimes, dragronchess, fencing, dancing, darts.  Well, wasn't it quite the surprise when he turned out to be a responsible chap?  Everyone thought he'd grow'd up to be a self-centered, pampered, pompous, playhalfling!  But he actually cares about folk.  It wasn't so much that he cares about the family business, though he does, of course.  Mostly he cares about the halflings who work for the business.

Well, with all this responsibility in him, his father could hardly keep him at home forever.  Eventually he made him an ambassador of sorts.  Not like an "amabassador for the king" ambassador, but an "ambassador for the family business."  He traipsed all around, meeting with folk from other cities and countries, working deals, setting up trade agreements, protecting trade routes.  He's an easy going chap, always willing to find a way to make a deal.  And, of course, barely topping 3 foot, no one was ever threatened by him.  Even so, he did surprisingly well, and the family business grew and expanded under his "ambassadorship."  Of all the folk he ever visited, no one had a special place in his heart like the elves.  He loved them, loved their music, and loved their skilled craftwork, especially their gemwork.  Over time, ole Bren spent more and more of his trips heading to elven lands.  I hear he even learned their tongue, to speak the better with them.

Now, lean in here close, lad.  I'm about to tell ye quietly of a thing that very, very few know about.  It all happened about 3 years ago as Brendenhoff was passing through a town, a human town, on his way back home.  He was walking about one evening after a fine second dinner at a local establishment when he happened to pass by an alley.  His keen ears had heard the sounds of distress.  He slipped into the alley, a place he wouldn't ordinarily go, and found a man up to no good with a young lass.  That's when it happened.  Bren found that he couldn't stand to see such unfair, horrible injustice!  Before he knew what he was doing, he had pulled his dagger from his belt and threw it at the back of the man.  Whether by skill or by luck, it sank into the base of his skull, killing him instantly.  That scoundrel never bothered another lass.  Without waiting to see what happened or hear a bit of "thank you," or to have him name associated with that alley, old Bren he slipped off.  No one ever knew it was him as that rescued the girl.  Much to his surprise, he found that the alley experience changed him.  It's not that he went looking for wrongs to right, but he wasn't afraid to see them and help as he could.  Never boldly.  Never charging out in front.  No white knight in shining armor is he, har har!  No, Bren's got a bit of assassin in him, willing to help the unfortunate with a throwing spike dipped in a bit of poison.  I suppose you might call him a quiet, secret, vigilante of sorts.  But his heart is good, truly.

Where is now, ye ask?  Well, I don't rightly know!  Probably off on another one of his trips.  Off to negotiate deals!  Off to see the elves!  And just maybe off to help some poor, unfortunate soul get out of a tight spot.  That's me Bren.
